DOCAPI-7090: SYSTEM DISTRIBUTED docs. EN review. RU translation. (#6262)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/query_language/system.md

- [FLUSH DISTRIBUTED](#query_language-system-flush-distributed)
- [START DISTRIBUTED SENDS](#query_language-system-start-distributed-sends)

## Managing Distributed Tables {#query_language-system-distributed}

ClickHouse can manage [distributed](../operations/table_engines/distributed.md) tables. When a user inserts data into these tables, ClickHouse first creates a queue of the data that should be sent to cluster servers, then asynchronously sends it. You can manage queue processing with the [STOP DISTRIBUTED SENDS](#query_language-system-stop-distributed-sends), [FLUSH DISTRIBUTED](#query_language-system-flush-distributed), and [START DISTRIBUTED SENDS](#query_language-system-start-distributed-sends) queries. You can also synchronously insert distributed data with the `insert_distributed_sync` setting.

### STOP DISTRIBUTED SENDS {#query_language-system-stop-distributed-sends}

> Disables background data distribution when inserting data into distributed tables.

Reviewer: it's worth to mention what happens if they have already been stopped

Author: I have tried to send this query several times in a row, and there was no any effect, no exception nor something else. I don't know what to write.

Reviewer: Has no effect if distributed sends have already been stopped?

Author: ```
$ clickhouse-client 
ClickHouse client version 19.11.0.826.
Connecting to localhost:9000 as user default.
Connected to ClickHouse server version 19.11.0 revision 54423.

bayonet-VirtualBox :) system stop distributed sends

SYSTEM STOP DISTRIBUTED SENDS

Ok.

0 rows in set. Elapsed: 0.001 sec. 

bayonet-VirtualBox :) system stop distributed sends

SYSTEM STOP DISTRIBUTED SENDS

Ok.

0 rows in set. Elapsed: 0.001 sec. 
```

```
SYSTEM STOP DISTRIBUTED SENDS [db.]<distributed_table_name>
```

### FLUSH DISTRIBUTED {#query_language-system-flush-distributed}

> Forces ClickHouse to send data to cluster servers synchronously. If any servers are unavailable, ClickHouse throws an exception and stops processing of the query. You should repeat the query when all servers are back online.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Forces ClickHouse to send data to cluster servers synchronously. If any servers are unavailable, ClickHouse throws an exception and stops query execution. You can retry the query until it succeeds, which will happen when all servers are back online.
```
